On the north coast of Brazil, scientists once found something very strange.
Lost penguins, far from home.
The scientists did not know why the penguins were lost.
Perhaps a warm current took them north, but penguins cannot live for long in the warmer
waters of the north.
It was time to save the penguins.
Sadly though, some penguins were too sick to travel, and some were dying.
The scientists took the healthy birds and put them on a large aircraft.
They flew to the south coast of Brazil.
Many people came to watch the birds, but at first the birds just looked at the water.
Then some of the braver ones swam about in it.
It was cold.
It was good.
And so they began the last part of their journey.
People cheered loudly as the younger penguins started swimming behind the older ones.
Together they were on their way home at last.